hey friend today I wanted to share with
you Amazon student I joined back in
August of 2013 and I really like it but
obviously Amazon's one of my favorite
companies so maybe you'll like it too
you Masson student it is something free
that you can get for six months and this
time you are only eligible if you are a
college student you have to sign up with
your dot edu email to get the perks I
really like it because you get free
two-day shipping and it's not on a
purchase that's like Oh your purchase
has to be twenty-five dollars no it's
just any purchase so you could end up
spending three dollars and you would get
that three dollar purchase in two days
they offer deals and promotions for
students I don't really know what those
deals and promotions are but that's what
the website says I haven't personally
experienced a deal of promotion and I've
been there since August but they're out
there somewhere I have a referral link
in the downbar and if you click that
referral link depending on the time of
year I'll either get $10 credit for
referring you or I'll get $5 credit for
referring you they didn't ask me to make
this video they just reward people with
credit if they get people to sign up
with a referral link I just wanted you
to know that after the six months if you
really like the perks and Amazon Prime
and maybe you wanted to sign up for
Amazon Prime you will have to pay thirty
nine dollars a year which i think is
really good because typically it's $79 a
year to get all the flipper --xe
but you'd only have to pay thirty nine
dollars a year because you're a student
and you would be able to get that price
for four years ultimately you're gonna
say forty dollars a year for Amazon
Prime opposed to not saving $40 a year
over the course of four years that's one
hundred sixty dollars like that's a lot
you could buy a camera you could buy
food you could save that I typically buy
my textbooks on Amazon because first off
last semester my textbooks were pretty
cheap really cheap insanely cheap
so I bought that on Amazon because they
were gave a cheaper it on Amazon like
the first one okay first off it was new
but I've kind of destroyed it yeah the
pagers are banner I'm really sorry
oh this book on Amazon shipped in two
days so that's always great not here to
talk about the rental program but you
know might as well throwing in that I
rented was brand new like it was in the
it was in packet and everything and it
was beautiful
I don't know how their rental program
works out but my book was essentially
brand new and I'm renting it and I get
to keep it until May 30th so that's cool
just sum up this video is on student is
fantastic you can get most of the prime
benefits you cannot get all the prime
benefits until you actually pay $39 a
year for it but for six months and free
two-day shipping is pretty much this
song of Amazon student and why I
personally signed up for I said I've
been doing it since August I have until
next month and then next month I will be
buying it for 39 dollars a year I'd like
to sign up click the link in the downbar
it's a bit lately which helps me to see
how many people actually click a link
and so it's not a spam or anything pink
guys so much for watching this and I
hope you have a lovely rest of the day
bye